fix(menhir): include_subdirs qualified (#8949)
ocaml/dune: doc/changes/8949.md

> - Correctly determin the stanza of menhir modules with `(include_subdirs
>   qualified)` is enabled (@rgrinberg, #8949, fixes #7610)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correctly determine the stanza of menhir modules when `(include_subdirs
  qualified)` is enabled (@rgrinberg, #8949, fixes #7610)
```
